In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I have a secret.
♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! ♪
Emilie, I miss you every moment.
But, one day, I will get the Miraculous
of Ladybug and Cat Noir,
repair the mistakes of the past,
and make sure you return to us.
Yeah!
-Today is the day! I can feel it!
-Bet you my skates she won't do it!
And I'll bet my favourite unicorn plush
that she will!
Oh! Marinette!
What?
Aw!
I was thinking,
maybe Adrien doesn't like berets?
Or hates it when people
celebrate his fifth name's day?
Or maybe he wouldn't want to know
that I love him?
Don't worry! Princess Twinklepeach
will be happy with me!
The only way you'll know
is to tell him how you really feel.
I know, but...
That's it, Marinette! No more picnics,
sleepovers or going to the movies with us
until you've given him that gift!
You made that cap for St Athanase's Day,
which is today!
How's Adrien supposed to know
you're thinking of him
on his fifth name's day
if you don't give him your gift?
She's right! Today is the day!
Go, go, go, go, go!
Rise and shine!
Behold, the goddess
of self-confidence has awaken!
- Go, girl!
- You're gonna do it!
And don't forget the card!
Are you really going to do this?
I am, Tikki!
Know what I won't take for an answer?
- No.
-OK, well, um... when will he be back?
I can't tell you. Goodbye, young lady.
But Adrien's fencing class ended
27 minutes ago. He should be back by now.
Maybe you can give him his present
tomorrow at school?
No! You heard what Rose said.
I can't back out again.
Since he's not back yet,
I can go through the window.
Oh, no, no, no!
You know it's not a good idea
to use your powers for personal reasons!
I'll be quick, Tikki.
No one will ever know.
Mmh?
Tikki, spots on!
Adrien's trophies!
Adrien's basketball hoop!
Adrien's foosball table!
Adrien's desk!
Adrien's video games!
Adrien's bed!
You're very late, Adrien.
The award ceremony
took longer than expected,
then we gave Kagami a ride home.
Will you let my father know I won?
As soon as he's done with his work.
Oh, Adrien's scent!
Ah! Adrien's present!
Oh! The card! I forgot the card! Uh...
This should do!
Signed, "Marinette".
Oh!
Ladybug?
Why would Ladybug
leave me a gift from Marinette?
And with a heart embroidered on it?
Uh, well, it's obvious,
because Marinette asked her to.
Or because...
Ladybug and Marinette are the same person.
You're my friend.
And I'd never want to lie to a friend.
But why do you think it would be lying?
Because there's this boy I...
Me!
No, no, no! It doesn't make any sense!
-Marinette is Marinette, and Ladybug is...
-Marinette!
OK! Adrien, this whole thing
smells like rotten cheese!
You know you aren't supposed to know
each other's secret identities.
Just because I know her secret identity
doesn't mean she has to know about mine.
Everything will be just fine, I promise.
Adrien! Putting a smelly piece of cheese
in a box doesn't stop it from smelling!
-Bunnyx?
-Minibug! Something happened today
that caused a major disaster
in the future.
I'm not sure what it was
or when it happened exactly.
Nothing unusual to report on your side?
-Uh...
-Think, Minibug! Think!
-Uh... No!
-Argh!
-In my burrow, now!
-Aaah!
Wow! It's a lot bigger on the inside!
Wow!
What's that for?
You wanna know what you're getting
for your next birthday?
-No, of course not!
-Exactly!
What about you? You know about
all your birthday presents?
I know about some of them.
Normally, we have to avoid interfering
with past or present events
as much as possible,
but this is serious, Minibug.
Our future is in danger. I need your help!
What happened here?
The less you know about the future,
the better!
Just do your thing.
Capture the akuma and restore order.
Then the train will be back on track.
You're not staying?
I gotta stand ready to jump back into time
and try something else, in case you fail.
Mwah!
- ♪ Little kitty on a roof ♪
-Cat... Noir?
- Cat Noir!
-Milady?
I thought I'd lost you! Oh, I was feline
so sad that you were gone!
What's happened to you? No, don't tell me!
We're gonna fix everything!
Of course we're gonna fix everything
now that you're back
and now that you're going to
give me your Miraculous!
My Miraculous?
What's wrong with you, Cat Noir?
Sorry, I didn't mean to be rude, milady.
Could you hand me your Miraculous, please?
Cat Blanc has gotten into some mischief.
You've been akumatised, Cat Noir.
You don't need my Miraculous.
You need me to de-evilise you.
Let me help you!
Save me.
My poor kitty. Tell me...
Do you remember where the akuma went?
Right here! But it's already broken!
Now, you're breaking more than my heart,
Marinette!
What?
-What did you say?
-Give me a hug, Marinette!
You're wrong! I'm not Marinette!
It's impossible!
I never told you anything!
Hmm!
Huh?
Ladybug?
Oh, no! What have you done, Marinette!
Ta-dah! I did it!
-I'm so proud of you!
-You rock!
How is this possible?
That's not what I remember!
So, how did you get to Adrien?
I... I was very convincing!
Marinette!
I have something to tell you.
I've realised...
I've realised that you're not
just a friend to me.
I've always felt you were more than that.
And now I know why!
Oh!
Does, uh, does this mean
that you... you like the beret?
It means that I love you.
It's worse than I thought.
Come on, Ladybug, quick!
Give me your Miraculous so I can make
everything go back to the way it was!
Mega-cataclysm!
Oh, no! What happened?
Ridiculous! Utterly ridiculous!!
It's heartbreak
for all the girls of Paris,
as supermodel Adrien Agreste
has a girlfriend,
classmate Marinette Dupain-Cheng!
You have to succeed, Ladybug!
Capture his akuma, now!
Things were purr-fect until Hawk Moth
found out about everything.
Once the cat is outta the bag,
it's a matter of time till everyone knows!
It was our love
that did this to the world, milady.
But how did it?
Miss Dupain-Cheng,
your relationship with my son is
detrimental to the Gabriel Agreste brand.
I demand you to stop seeing him at once.
But I didn't do anything.
She loves Adrien and Adrien loves her!
You can't decide...
If you refuse, I will not hesitate
to withdraw Adrien from school.
And he will never see his friends again!
Adrien doesn't deserve this.
Then make the right choice.
Get out of my bakery! Now!
Marinette?
Why won't you come in? What's wrong?
Adrien, I...
Forgive me. We're just...
we're just not right for each other.
What are you talking about?
Of course we are. We love each other!
No. I... don't love you anymore!
No, Marinette! Please let me through!
It can't end like this!
It can't end at all! I love her!
Everything is going as planned, sir.
I've never felt such utter despair.
Marinette Dupain-Cheng
will be my ultimate masterpiece!
Fly away, beautiful akuma,
and evilise this broken heart!
I beg you, please!
Marinette! Move!
Adrien?
Plagg! Claws out!
Cataclysm!
Adrien!
You were about to be akumatised.
I didn't have a choice, milady!
Milady? How did you know? Our identities
were supposed to remain a secret!
Everything will be OK, I promise.
Nathalie? Nathalie?
It's Adrien, your son.
He's...
He's Cat Noir.
Cat Noir? My own son?
Ah! The Miraculous will soon be mine!
Oh! Huh?
Hurry up!
I'll find you, milady. And when I do,
you'll give me your Miraculous!
Time to de-evilise... Huh?
Looking for my akuma, milady?
There's a faster way to make this end,
you know.
You just need to hand over
your Miraculous!
Never!
Lucky charm!
An eraser?
I'd like to erase the past too,
but there's only one way to do that.
You know that by merging our Miraculous
together, we'd be granted one wish, right?
Any wish we wanted?
Well, my wish would be to fix everything,
so we could be in love again!
And have a hamster too. You've always
dreamed of having one. We'll call it...
Time to de-evil--
You're not even listening.
You don't understand.
Aaah!
You're done, Hawk Moth!
Give us back your Miraculous!
You know what they say, the wave
of a moth's wing can set off a cataclysm!
I would put that cataclysm away
if I were you, Adrien.
How do you... ?
Mother?
I'm doing it for her, Adrien.
For you. For us.
Father?
Why? Why? Why?
Why?
We can save your mother,
using your Miraculous and hers.
No! Just stop!
Don't listen to him! There would be
a terrible price to pay in exchange!
If she loves you,
she'll let you save your mother!
Stop it! Stop it! Stop it!
Cat Blanc, I'm giving you
the infinite power of destruction!
Together, you and I will seize Ladybug's
Miraculous and awaken your mother!
Obey!
I'm sorry, Ladybug.
Seize her Miraculous, my son!
No, Adrien! You have to resist!
How dare you? Not me, Adrien!
I... I don't know what to do!
Milady!
My prince!
Aaah!
Fix this nightmare, Ladybug. Please!
-What did you do to them?
-I didn't mean to.
Why won't you try and help me fix it?
The simple truth is,
you don't love me anymore!
So, I might as well destroy you,
me, our memories. Everything!
No!
No, no, no! He's about to trigger
the end of the world! Ladybug!
OK, OK!
I'll give you my Miraculous, Cat Noir.
I'm not Cat Noir anymore. I'm Cat Blanc.
You will always be Cat Noir to me.
No more evil-doing for you, little akuma.
Time to de-evilise, Cat Noir.
Gotcha!
Bye-bye, little butterfly!
Yes! Yes! You did it, Minibug!
Marinette, what happened? What's wrong?
You're still calling me Marinette.
You're not supposed to know who I am.
It means that if I use my Miraculous
Ladybug to fix everything now...
You'll still have this memory of her.
Of course!
I'm gonna fix everything, Cat Noir.
I promise.
I know.
Bring me back before you came to get me!
I don't have much time
before I lose my lucky charm!
I have to erase my mistake
to get things back to normal.
This future is the result
from something of the past.
I must not throw my eraser here and now,
I must throw my eraser back then!
Do you know how Cat Noir found out
about your secret identity?
I think so. When I went into Adrien's
house as Ladybug, he probably saw me!
He figured out Ladybug is Marinette
because of the note on the gift!
But I'm not sure what happened next.
He probably told Nino, who told Alya,
who wrote about it on the Ladyblog!
They would never do that.
But Adrien probably told someone,
who told someone else and so on,
until it was all over the news!
The best-kept secrets
are the ones you never share!
Signed, "Marinette!"
-What the... ?
-Trust me, it's better this way!
Miraculous Ladybug!
Woohoo!
Ladybug?
Oh! Adrien Agreste! What a surprise!
I brought you a gift
from your fan club in Brazil!
There's a postal strike, but they really
wanted it to arrive for St Athanase's Day.
That's my fifth name.
Wow, they must be serious fans
to know that about you!
Well, happy fifth name's day!
Thank you!
Ugh! Why would anyone send a beret
when they could send cheese instead?
Hey, Bunnyx, when you travel through time,
do you forget
what happened when you're done?
What's seen can't be unseen.
I know who you are
and a few other things, too.
-Do you know who Hawk Moth is?
-Even if I did, I couldn't tell you.
There's a time for everything,
and time is a fragile thing.
That's the reason you picked me, Minibug.
I know how to keep a secret!
He wasn't home. His fencing competition
probably ended later than expected!
How about the gift?
Oh, I dropped it off at home
before coming back here.
I was going to tell you I'd given it
to him, but I just couldn't do it.
But I promise next time, it'll work.
You know what they say.
563rd time's the charm!
♪ Little kitty on a roof,
all alone without his lady ♪
Hey, Bugaboo!
So, what was that sudden call for?
I did it.
I have no idea what you're talking about,
but I'm perfectly fine with it.